okay we're going to do a little
investigating here I want you to pay
attention to the dates okay Little Rock
Arkansas pitbull februari 12 2009 ok
Little Rock Arkansas pitbull ordinance
combines the number of love of law
basically BSL ok so we click on it and
it brings us to scribd dogs bite I don't
know if this is like a secondary website
or just a I don't whatever it's her
third little website it's not be website
but it's like another website that she
has on blogging or whatever but this is
the pitbull ordinance a pig little dog
walk ok oh yeah what I was getting at
the date ok februari 12 2009 ok ok big
bound pits as of 512 ok well in the noke
blahnik monic whatever on google webs
always gonna have little google way
google maps where ok point 8 k ok and
there's little rock ok and the little
scale says it's about it's about the
roughly i would say six miles ok so
pretty close okay for every weary 12
about six miles look at five year old
girls are covering after being mauled by
a dog while playing at her home near
Ward Ward is in lonoke county that's why
I went to one-up County
shawn thompson says it wasn't long after
her family moved to kenzie drive in Ward
before they discovered the stray dog
problem immediately we hadn't lived here
a week when they got our cat and we knew
it it was them that had gotten my black
and white cat tonsil says she didn't
think the two dogs that wander the
neighborhood were a threat to people
until late Monday afternoon Thompson
said she didn't think that it already
went that ok Luna County Sheriff Jim
Roberson says a black lab attacked a
five-year-old playing in her backyard
it's a very serious attack from what
I've been told by medical personnel the
little girl has been in a surgery is
been in surgery for three and a half
hours it's a very bad situation for a
young child after the attack neighbors
tied up a lab at a neighboring house
until animal control came to get it
because the county had nowhere to put it
dogs are a big problem in the county as
well as other counties I'm sure because
of the cost to maintain the shelters and
such we just don't have one in the
county Thompson feels better since the
lab thought to be responsible for the
attack is in custody but with another
stray dog on the loose she says her son
won't be going outside alone anytime
soon I'm just concerned because of the
dog issued dog issue and something
happening to him this could have been
grant just as easy as it could have been
Abby says Thompson police are
questioning neighbors to find out if
anyone owns the dog that attacked the
little girl that was februari 12th so
we're talking eight days after they pan
him after they post a pit bull ban a day
eight days later a five-year-old girl is
attacked by a black lab
how's that